today we have a product that it seems
like everyone and their dog is excited
about this is a mechanical keyboard from
racer this is the Black Widow ultimate
and it is a self-described mechanical
gaming keyboard for gamers by gamers it
has a mechanical key architecture for
superior tactility and faster response
okay this has fully programmable keys
with on-the-fly and macro recording five
additional gaming keys with individually
backlit keys so you can see the whole
keyboard is actually backlit and let's
move around to the side see what it has
to say for itself
35 Meg's of free hard disk space PC with
USB ports ok so these are pretty pretty
tame system requirements we'll move
along to oh I want to show you guys this
so this is razors classification of this
particular keyboard this is in their
elite series ah so it's one step up from
expert 2 steps up from essential so it
is definitely not essential to have a
keyboard like this but it is certainly
elite alright so individually backlit
keys 10 customizable software profiles
with on-the-fly switching easy access
media keys which we'll show you in a
minute earphone out and microphone in
Jack's built into the keyboard fully
programmable keys 5 plus additional
Cayman keys mechanical key okay so these
are gaming optimized key matrix for
minimized ghosting okay you know what if
someone can leave a comment on the video
and tell me exactly what they mean like
that by that that would be fantastic
ok English so 100 ultra pulling so one
millisecond response time 50 G's 50
grams of actuation force required for
the keys so if you're into mechanical
keyboards you probably have some context
for that Mori pizza stuff we've seen
already and here we go tactile tap
feedback when actuated optimize
actuation force of 50 grams rapid key
snap back after keystroke execution and
a lifespan of up to 50 million
keystrokes so there is the benefits of a
mechanical keyboard in a nutshell so
let's break the seal on this guy and
have a look at what all the fuss is
about
all right razor is pretty much the
packaging experts and you look at this
video we got green on the inside of the
box and I always enjoy opening up their
boxes because they've always kinda they
always throw something new at me so the
first thing we see here this is quite
obvious is we should take this out okay
all right okay I guess that gives us
access to something okay take it out
well it's not their best work I've seen
better I think their finest was the the
Mamba Mamba had just a phenomenal
package but the presentation is still
quite slick you know you've got your
overall completely black superior on the
packaging which always makes everything
look higher performance because everyone
knows if it's you know you paint it
black it goes faster and all that good
stuff all right here we go
so here's the package for gamers by
gamers razors uncom here we go black
widow ultimate welcome to the cult of
razor here is a certificate of
authenticity next you have a Quick Start
Guide which probably involves
instructions like plug the USB port into
the computer or plug the USB cable into
the port okay here's a master guide
probably a number of languages in here
yes there are okay we have a couple of
Razer stickers and I believe these are
UV reactive last time I checked which is
pretty cool as well as the Razer product
catalog if you like this one then you
can check out some of their other stuff
alright so that's it for included
accessories does not come with one of
these fortunately what a brat okay now
let's check out the keyword itself which
I have been quite anxious to have a look
at
so first let's see the impedance cables
to pull this plastic sleeve I can do
that do not cut tape like that at home
right now do this okay here we go
so the included cables are two USB so
that's probably going to be one for the
built-in hub yes there we go so there's
port and then that one's labeled Razer
and then we have a microphone jack as
well as a headphone jack so that's for
the pass-throughs that are coming up
through the keyboard which I will have
to find at some point okay and it's not
a hub it's just a single port but we'll
get to that later so here are your
programmable achieved five of them over
here alright here are all of your
backlit keys so you can clearly see the
part that is backlit because it's a
slightly different color from anything
that's drawn directly on the key so for
example this character is not backlit
whereas this one is up here same thing
f7 is backlit but this media key thing
is not here's all of your media controls
built into the F keys up here now this
is an interesting choice you know what
here conveniently I have a steel series
7g which we can use as a side to side
comparison with the Black Widow since
that was kind of the the reigning
mechanical gaming keyboard okay so the
razor keyboard adds a few things over
the 7g so you got the backlit keys which
is huge purse I personally think that's
enormous
you've got the programmable gaming Keys
which I also think is a huge advantage
and then let's have a look at what is
different between these two so first of
all I like the layout of the razer
keyboard better because of one simple
thing and that's best full-size
backspace key they haven't done anything
goofy with the layout of the keyboard
you've got a full-size shift you've got
a full-size shift you've got a full-size
backspace key and a and a lot and a wide
enter so that I like right off the bat
here's one that I think is kind of a
funny decision though because you look
both SteelSeries
and Razer have included one function key
instead of a Windows key so SteelSeries
put stairs here and the function key is
for accessing the media controls and
whatnot
whereas razer has decided to leave the
windows key here right next to all of
your gaming keys strange decision and
put their function key here so that's
the one thing that I'm probably question
about the layout although when I'm
typing and really mechanical keyboards
are made for typing I mean most
keyboards are made for typing but they
really are so when you're typing I'd
take that longer backspace over the mix
placement of the Windows key any day now
you can hear that the keystrokes are
quite different between the 7g and the
black widdow so I want the camera to get
really close and just listen so you can
really hear distinct click to the key on
the Black Widow ultimate and then I want
you guys to listen to the 7g so you
don't really have that that click so
just because there's one mechanical key
switch and another mechanical key switch
doesn't mean they're identical it's
worthwhile doing a little bit of
research and as I always tell anyone
buying a keyboard you should always find
some way to test drive it before you
actually purchase it I like the finish
of the Black Widow although I don't know
how fingerprint proof it's going to be
but that's just pretty much something
that if you're if you're used to running
razor for referrals you're probably
already used to you've got a couple of
little legs back here for our tilting
the keyboard up should you so desire and
then if you don't have those up you've
also got one two three four five rubber
pads on the bottom of it to keep it from
slipping on this side you find nothing
of note same goes for the back and then
on the other side that's where you find
the USB port so that there's a single
path report so I'm gonna go ahead and
assume hopefully I'm not wrong that it
is USB 2.0 which is personally I'd take
that over a USB 1.1 hub which we find in
most keyboards any day and then we've
also got our pass-through for the
microphone as well as the headphone jack
so thank you for checking out my
unboxing of the
ultimate don't forget to subscribe to
Lana's tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other videos about computer
and gaming stuff